BookBack is an application for university students to buy and sell books. Users can both download iOS and Android versions as well. The core concept of this application is “Books are meant to be investment, not an expense”. In order to attract more students to use this app, there are a few features standing out. 
1. The appearance of this application is very neat and clear, users will have a fresh look when they start.
2. The scan barcode function makes it easier for users to post a book.
3. Users can chat directly through the chat box without any interruption from any advertisement.
On the contrary, there are also some disadvantages to this application as well.
1. Sellers and buyers don’t know each other, this situation may bring users concern about receiving fake news or meet frauds without any secure assurance.
2. Because data is not synchronous in BookBack immediately, people would not see all products on this platform as soon as possible. 


Qiuming Wei (300312797)

I created github repositoriy for collobration
I created the basic outline to indicate how we organized our files
I scheduled the project's timeline
I researched on other similar apps
I worte several parts of the former project proposals
I participted all online meetings to review designs and come up with professonal oppinons
I developed registration page and login page


Project managing:
From my past experience as a developer, I think it is very important to make plans during the development lifecycle. In the beginning of this project,
I asked my team members about can they use version control system like git, and then we decided to use git hub to control all files including, plans, designs, documents, code etc.

Also I suggested that we should follow developing rules, for instance, branch managing, naming files or variables ect. And then, I drawed a timeline mindmap to let others the whole millstones and
deadlines we should keep in mind. After the preparition section, we desided we should meet online at least once a week and continuly deliver results. 

Design:
I researched some other similar apps in the market and helped with our application's ui design. I partially completed our group project's proposals.
Helped my teammebers draw user sequence diagrams to specifiy app's functionalities and features.

Developing:

I developed registration page with user nessary personal information and write it into our SQLlite database with form validation.
I developed login fragment with logics and then write the current user's account info into storage.

Presentation:
Recording video
Finished final project documents
